We hereby declare that Korea is an independent country and that Koreans are an independent nation. 
By this, we inform all the nations of the world to clarify the great moral principle of human equality, 
and by this, we will enlighten all generations of our descendants so that they can forever enjoy the legitimate right of the nation's independent existence.

It is declared by relying on the authority of 5,000 years of history, 
and it is spread out and revealed by uniting the loyalty of 20 million people. 
In order to move forward together in line with the great opportunity and luck of the future, 
this issue is brought up and raised. This is a directive from Heaven, a great trend of the times, 
and a legitimate exercise of the common right of all mankind to live.

It has already been 10 years since we fell victim to aggression and dictatorship, 
which are relics of the old era, and for the first time in several thousand years of history we suffered bitter agony from the oppression of other peoples. 
How much is it, how much is hindered in mental development, how much is lost to national dignity and honor, 
and how much is lost the opportunity to contribute and contribute to world culture with new sharp energy and creativity?

sad! To shake off the injustice of long ago, to overcome the pain before our eyes, to get rid of future threats, 
to shake off the shriveled and shriveled nation's grand mind and nation's hair and morals, 
to stretch out each person's character If we want to justly develop the nation, 
if we want to avoid handing down a shameful reality to our poor daughters and sons, 
if we want to bring lasting and perfect happiness to our children and grandchildren, 
the greatest and most urgent thing is to ensure the independence of the nation. 
In this day and age when everyone is determined with the edge of their hearts, 
and the righteous character common to mankind and the ruling conscience of this era help with the military of justice and the weapon of guidance, 
we advance and take, but cannot defeat any strong person, and retreat to work. What kind of meaning can you not unfold!
....